updates to dev agent (#9021)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/dbt-agents.md

[dbt Agents](https://www.getdbt.com/product/dbt-agents), available on [dbt Enterprise-tier plans](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing), are a suite of native AI agents that turn structured dbt context into auditable actions. These agents help you build, manage, and consume governed data at scale by bringing intelligence to every step of the analytics development lifecycle. 

:::info 

> Some dbt Agents are in preview or beta; others are coming soon. Contact your account manager for early access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some dbt <Constant name="dev_agent" />s are available in preview or beta, with more coming soon. Contact your account manager for early access.
```

Author: hey @nataliefiann , this isn't quite right here (unless i'm misunderstanding). we have agents that aren't just dev agents (analyst, discovery, etc) so i dont think it's correct to say that 'some dev agents are available in preview or beta. 

i'll keep the existing content i have as it's accurate.
